Test Case Name                          | Application Arguments                                                                                         | Documentation                                             | Tags
seq_id_negative                         | resolve -type -9 A50                                                                                          | seq_id negative                                           | resolve resolve_param
non_existing_seq_id                     | resolve nonexisting                                                                                           | Non existing seq_id                                       | resolve
invalid_seq_id_type                     | resolve -type 12 RCU83448                                                                                     | invalid seq_id_type                                       | resolve
canon_id_exc                            | resolve -all-info-except -canonical-id -type 12 1778878                                                       | Exclude canon_id                                          | resolve
seq_ids_exc                             | resolve -all-info-except -other-ids -type 12 1778878                                                          | Exclude seq_ids                                           | resolve
mol_type_exc                            | resolve -all-info-except -molecule-type -type 12 1778878                                                      | Exclude mol_type                                          | resolve
length_exc                              | resolve -all-info-except -length -type 12 1778878                                                             | Exclude length                                            | resolve
state_exc                               | resolve -all-info-except -state -type 12 1778878                                                              | Exclude state                                             | resolve
blob_id_exc                             | resolve -all-info-except -blob-id -type 12 1778878                                                            | Exclude blob_id                                           | resolve
tax_id_exc                              | resolve -all-info-except -tax-id -type 12 1778878                                                             | Exclude tax_id                                            | resolve
hash_exc                                | resolve -all-info-except -hash -type 12 1778878                                                               | Exclude hash                                              | resolve
date_changed_exc                        | resolve -all-info-except -date-changed -type 12 1778878                                                       | Exclude date_changed                                      | resolve
canon_id_inc                            | resolve -canonical-id -type 12 1778878                                                                        | Include canon_id                                          | resolve
seq_ids_inc                             | resolve -other-ids -type 12 1778878                                                                           | Include seq_ids                                           | resolve
mol_type_inc                            | resolve -molecule-type -type 12 1778878                                                                       | Include mol_type                                          | resolve
length_inc                              | resolve -length -type 12 1778878                                                                              | Include length                                            | resolve
state_inc                               | resolve -state -type 12 1778878                                                                               | Include state                                             | resolve
blob_id_inc                             | resolve -blob-id -type 12 1778878                                                                             | Include blob_id                                           | resolve
tax_id_inc                              | resolve -tax-id -type 12 1778878                                                                              | Include tax_id                                            | resolve
hash_inc                                | resolve -hash -type 12 1778878                                                                                | Include hash                                              | resolve
date_changed_inc                        | resolve -date-changed -type 12 1778878                                                                        | Include date_changed                                      | resolve
817747779                               | resolve -type 12 817747779                                                                                    | 817747779                                                 | resolve
123791                                  | resolve -type 2 123791                                                                                        | 123791                                                    | resolve
106779053                               | resolve 106779053                                                                                             | 106779053                                                 | resolve
164040                                  | resolve -type 3 164040                                                                                        | 164040                                                    | resolve
WUGSC_G44L02__11                        | resolve -type 11 WUGSC%7CG44L02                                                                               | WUGSC%7CG44L02                                            | resolve
WUGSC_G44L02                            | resolve WUGSC%7CG44L02                                                                                        | WUGSC%7CG44L02                                            | resolve
115952497__12                           | resolve -type 12 115952497                                                                                    | 115952497                                                 | resolve
115952497                               | resolve 115952497                                                                                             | 115952497                                                 | resolve
544844__12                              | resolve -type 12 544844                                                                                       | 544844                                                    | resolve
1093112768__12                          | resolve -type 12 1093112768                                                                                   | 1093112768                                                | resolve
1093112768                              | resolve 1093112768                                                                                            | 1093112768                                                | resolve
AC052670                                | resolve AC052670                                                                                              | AC052670                                                  | resolve
AC052670__5                             | resolve -type 5 AC052670                                                                                      | AC052670                                                  | resolve
XP_015453951                            | resolve XP_015453951                                                                                          | XP_015453951                                              | resolve
XP_015453951__10                        | resolve -type 10 XP_015453951                                                                                 | XP_015453951                                              | resolve
bbs_123791__2                           | resolve -type 2 bbs%7C123791                                                                                  | bbs_123791                                                | resolve
bbs_123791                              | resolve bbs%7C123791                                                                                          | bbs_123791                                                | resolve
bbm_164040__3                           | resolve -type 3 bbm%7C164040                                                                                  | bbm_164040                                                | resolve
bbm_164040                              | resolve bbm%7C164040                                                                                          | bbm_164040                                                | resolve
gi_1093112768__12                       | resolve -type 12 gi%7C1093112768                                                                              | gi_1093112768                                             | resolve
gi_1093112768                           | resolve gi%7C1093112768                                                                                       | gi_1093112768                                             | resolve
invalid_sat                             | blob invalid.44755149                                                                                         | invalid sat value                                         | getblob getblob_param
invalid_sat_key                         | blob 4.invalid                                                                                                | invalid sat_key value                                     | getblob getblob_param
non_exsting_sat                         | blob 999.44755149                                                                                             | non existing sat                                          | getblob
non_existing_blob                       | blob 4.1                                                                                                      | non existing blob                                         | getblob
one_chunk_blob                          | blob 33.44755149                                                                                              | One chunk blob                                            | getblob
many_chunk_blob                         | blob 33.32435367                                                                                              | Many chunk blob                                           | getblob
last_modified_blob                      | blob -last-modified 1146697225363 4.9994804                                                                   | Blob with the correct last modified                       | getblob
early_last_modified                     | blob -last-modified 1146697225362 4.9994804                                                                   | Blob last modified -1                                     | getblob
late_last_modified                      | blob -last-modified 1146697225364 4.9994804                                                                   | Blob last modified +1                                     | getblob
get_negative_seq_id_type                | biodata -type -42 A50                                                                                         | Negative seq_id_type                                      | get get_param
get_invalid_exclude_blob                | biodata -exclude-blob in.valid -type 3 164040                                                                 | Invalid exclude blob list                                 | get get_param
get_non_existing_seq_id                 | biodata nonexisting                                                                                           | Non existing seq_id                                       | get
get_incorrect_sec_seq_id_type           | biodata -type 12 RCU83448                                                                                     | Incorrect secondary seq_id_type                           | get
get_incorrect_prim_seq_id_type          | biodata -type 12 AFP68755                                                                                     | Incorrect primary seq_id_type                             | get
get_123791__2                           | biodata -type 2 123791                                                                                        | Get secondary 123791 (2)                                  | get
get_106779053                           | biodata 106779053                                                                                             | Get secondary 106779053                                   | get
get_164040__3                           | biodata -type 3 164040                                                                                        | Get secondary 164040 (3)                                  | get
get_WUGSC_G44L02__11                    | biodata -type 11 WUGSC%7CG44L02                                                                               | Get secondary WUGSC_G44L02 (11)                           | get
get_WUGSC_G44L02                        | biodata WUGSC%7CG44L02                                                                                        | Get secondary WUGSC_G44L02                                | get
get_115952497__12                       | biodata -type 12 115952497                                                                                    | Get secondary 115952497 (12)                              | get
get_115952497                           | biodata 115952497                                                                                             | Get secondary 115952497                                   | get
get_544844__12                          | biodata -type 12 544844                                                                                       | Get secondary 544844 (12)                                 | get
get_1093112768__12                      | biodata -type 12 1093112768                                                                                   | Get secondary 1093112768 (12)                             | get
get_1093112768                          | biodata 1093112768                                                                                            | Get secondary 1093112768                                  | get
get_GPS_000535975__19                   | biodata -type 19 GPS_000535975.1                                                                              | Get secondary GPS_000535975.1 (19)                        | get
get_GPS_000535975                       | biodata GPS_000535975.1                                                                                       | Get secondary GPS_000535975.1                             | get
get_AC052670__5                         | biodata -type 5 AC052670                                                                                      | Get primary AC052670 (5)                                  | get
get_AC052670                            | biodata AC052670                                                                                              | Get primary AC052670                                      | get
get_XP_015453951__10                    | biodata -type 10 XP_015453951                                                                                 | Get primary XP_015453951 (10)                             | get
get_XP_015453951                        | biodata XP_015453951                                                                                          | Get primary XP_015453951                                  | get
get_fasta_bbs_123791__2                 | biodata -type 2 bbs%7C123791                                                                                  | Get secondary fasta bbs_123791 (2)                        | get
get_fasta_bbs_123791                    | biodata bbs%7C123791                                                                                          | Get secondary fasta bbs_123791                            | get
get_fasta_bbm_164040__3                 | biodata -type 3 bbm%7C164040                                                                                  | Get secondary fasta bbm_164040 (3)                        | get
get_fasta_bbm_164040                    | biodata bbm%7C164040                                                                                          | Get secondary fasta bbm_164040                            | get
get_fasta_gi_1093112768__12             | biodata -type 12 gi%7C1093112768                                                                              | Get secondary fasta gi_1093112768 (12)                    | get
get_fasta_gi_1093112768                 | biodata gi%7C1093112768                                                                                       | Get secondary fasta gi_1093112768                         | get
get_fasta_gpp_GPS_000535975__19         | biodata -type 19 gpp%7CGPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                     | Get secondary fasta gpp_GPS_000535975.1 (19)              | get
get_fasta_gpp_GPS_000535975             | biodata gpp%7CGPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                              | Get secondary fasta gpp_GPS_000535975.1                   | get
get_fasta_content_GPS_000535975__19     | biodata -type 19 GPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                           | Get secondary fasta content GPS_000535975.1 (19)          | get
get_fasta_content_GPS_000535975         | biodata GPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                                    | Get secondary fasta content GPS_000535975.1               | get
get_split_tse_none                      | biodata -type 12 -no-tse 3150015                                                                              | Get split blob with tse=none                              | get
get_split_tse_slim                      | biodata -type 12 -slim-tse 3150015                                                                            | Get split blob with tse=slim                              | get
get_split_tse_smart                     | biodata -type 12 -smart-tse 3150015                                                                           | Get split blob with tse=smart                             | get
get_split_tse_orig                      | biodata -type 12 -orig-tse 3150015                                                                            | Get split blob with tse=orig                              | get
get_non_split_tse_none                  | biodata -type 2 -no-tse 123791                                                                                | Get non split blob with tse=none                          | get
get_non_split_tse_slim                  | biodata -type 2 -slim-tse 123791                                                                              | Get non split blob with tse=slim                          | get
get_non_split_tse_smart                 | biodata -type 2 -smart-tse 123791                                                                             | Get non split blob with tse=smart                         | get
get_non_split_tse_whole                 | biodata -type 2 -whole-tse 123791                                                                             | Get non split blob with tse=whole                         | get
get_non_split_tse_orig                  | biodata -type 2 -orig-tse 123791                                                                              | Get non split blob with tse=orig                          | get
get_with_exclude_not_excluded           | biodata -exclude-blob 1.1,2.2,3.3 -type 3 164040                                                              | Get with exclude blob list, blob not in the list          | get
get_with_exclude                        | biodata -exclude-blob 1.1,4.8091,3.3 -type 3 164040                                                           | Get with exclude blob list, blob is in the list           | get
get_blob_split_tse_none                 | blob -no-tse 4.509567                                                                                         | Get split blob with tse=none                              | getblob
get_blob_split_tse_slim                 | blob -slim-tse 4.509567                                                                                       | Get split blob with tse=slim                              | getblob
get_blob_split_tse_smart                | blob -smart-tse 4.509567                                                                                      | Get split blob with tse=smart                             | getblob
get_blob_split_tse_orig                 | blob -orig-tse 4.509567                                                                                       | Get split blob with tse=orig                              | getblob
get_blob_non_split_tse_none             | blob -no-tse 4.15971                                                                                          | Get non split blob with tse=none                          | getblob
get_blob_non_split_tse_slim             | blob -slim-tse 4.15971                                                                                        | Get non split blob with tse=slim                          | getblob
get_blob_non_split_tse_smart            | blob -smart-tse 4.15971                                                                                       | Get non split blob with tse=smart                         | getblob
get_blob_non_split_tse_whole            | blob -whole-tse 4.15971                                                                                       | Get non split blob with tse=whole                         | getblob
get_blob_non_split_tse_orig             | blob -orig-tse 4.15971                                                                                        | Get non split blob with tse=orig                          | getblob
d_request_001                           | resolve gnl%7CdbSTS%7C843431                                                                                  | Resolve gnl_dbSTS                                         | resolve
get_na_seq_id_negative                  | named_annot -na SOME -type -42 A50                                                                            | seq_id negative                                           | get_na get_na_param
get_na_one_valid_annot                  | named_annot -na NA000122202.1 NW_017890465                                                                    | One valid annotation                                      | get_na
get_na_two_valid_annot                  | named_annot -na NA000122202.1,NA000122203.1 NW_017890465                                                      | Two valid annotations                                     | get_na
get_na_one_of_two_valid_annot           | named_annot -na NA000122202.1,invalid NW_017890465                                                            | One of two valid annotations                              | get_na
get_na_no_valid_annot                   | named_annot -na invalid1,invalid2 NW_017890465                                                                | No valid annotations                                      | get_na
tse_chunk_invalid_tse_id                | chunk 1 psg~~tse_id-4.invalid~~tse_split_version-1565299085                                                   | tse_id parameter is invalid                               | get_tse_chunk get_tse_chunk_param
tse_chunk_chunk_too_big                 | chunk 96 25.116773935.5                                                                                       | requested chunk is too big                                | get_tse_chunk
tse_chunk_version_not_found             | chunk 1 psg~~tse_id-4.340865818~~tse_split_version-156529908                                                  | split version not found                                   | get_tse_chunk
tse_chunk_found                         | chunk 96 psg~~tse_id-4.340865818~~tse_split_version-1565299085                                                | tse chunk                                                 | get_tse_chunk
resolve_gi_156232                       | resolve gi%7C156232                                                                                           | resolve special case gi                                   | resolve
resolve_3643631_subst_default           | resolve -acc-substitution default 3643631                                                                     | resolve with accession substitution default               | resolve
resolve_3643631_subst_limited           | resolve -acc-substitution limited 3643631                                                                     | resolve with accession substitution limited               | resolve
resolve_3643631_subst_never             | resolve -acc-substitution never 3643631                                                                       | resolve with accession substitution never                 | resolve
resolve_580284_subst_default            | resolve -acc-substitution default 580284                                                                      | resolve with accession substitution default               | resolve
resolve_580284_subst_limited            | resolve -acc-substitution limited 580284                                                                      | resolve with accession substitution limited               | resolve
resolve_580284_subst_never              | resolve -acc-substitution never 580284                                                                        | resolve with accession substitution never                 | resolve
resolve_S44068                          | resolve -type 6 S44068                                                                                        | INSDC S44068 resolution                                   | resolve
resolve_BL000002                        | resolve -type 5 BL000002.1                                                                                    | INSDC BL000002.1 resolution                               | resolve
d_request_100                           | resolve GPS_000535975                                                                                         | GPS_000535975                                             | resolve
d_request_101                           | resolve GPS_000535975.1                                                                                       | GPS_000535975.1                                           | resolve
d_request_102                           | resolve gpp%7CGPS_000535975                                                                                   | gpp_GPS_000535975                                         | resolve
d_request_103                           | resolve gpp%7CGPS_000535975.1                                                                                 | gpp_GPS_000535975.1                                       | resolve
d_request_104                           | resolve -type 19 GPS_000535975                                                                                | GPS_000535975 (19)                                        | resolve
d_request_105                           | resolve -type 19 GPS_000535975.1                                                                              | GPS_000535975.1 (19)                                      | resolve
d_request_106                           | resolve -type 19 gpp%7CGPS_000535975                                                                          | gpp_GPS_000535975 (19)                                    | resolve
d_request_107                           | resolve -type 19 gpp%7CGPS_000535975.1                                                                        | gpp_GPS_000535975.1 (19)                                  | resolve
d_request_108                           | resolve GPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                                    | GPS_000535975.1_                                          | resolve
d_request_109                           | resolve gpp%7CGPS_000535975%7C                                                                                | gpp_GPS_000535975_                                        | resolve
d_request_110                           | resolve gpp%7CGPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                              | gpp_GPS_000535975.1_                                      | resolve
d_request_111                           | resolve -type 19 GPS_000535975%7C                                                                             | GPS_000535975_ (19)                                       | resolve
d_request_112                           | resolve -type 19 GPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                           | GPS_000535975.1_ (19)                                     | resolve
d_request_113                           | resolve -type 19 gpp%7CGPS_000535975%7C                                                                       | gpp_GPS_000535975_ (19)                                   | resolve
d_request_114                           | resolve -type 19 gpp%7CGPS_000535975.1%7C                                                                     | gpp_GPS_000535975.1_ (19)                                 | resolve
pdb_1_1                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1VU9%7Ca                                                                | CXX-11133 1+1                                             | resolve
pdb_1_2                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1vu9%7Ca                                                                | CXX-11133 1+2                                             | resolve
pdb_1_3                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1VU9%7CA                                                                | CXX-11133 1+3                                             | resolve
pdb_1_4                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1vu9%7CA                                                                | CXX-11133 1+4                                             | resolve
pdb_1_5                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1VU9%7CAA                                                               | CXX-11133 1+5                                             | resolve
pdb_1_6                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1vu9%7Caa                                                               | CXX-11133 1+6                                             | resolve
pdb_2_1                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1VU9%7Ca                                                                      | CXX-11133 2+1                                             | resolve
pdb_2_2                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1vu9%7Ca                                                                      | CXX-11133 2+2                                             | resolve
pdb_2_3                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1VU9%7CA                                                                      | CXX-11133 2+3                                             | resolve
pdb_2_4                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1vu9%7CA                                                                      | CXX-11133 2+4                                             | resolve
pdb_2_5                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1VU9%7CAA                                                                     | CXX-11133 2+5                                             | resolve
pdb_2_6                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1vu9%7Caa                                                                     | CXX-11133 2+6                                             | resolve
pdb_3_1                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1VU9_a                                                                  | CXX-11133 3+1                                             | resolve
pdb_3_2                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1vu9_a                                                                  | CXX-11133 3+2                                             | resolve
pdb_3_3                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1VU9_A                                                                  | CXX-11133 3+3                                             | resolve
pdb_3_4                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1vu9_A                                                                  | CXX-11133 3+4                                             | resolve
pdb_3_5                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1VU9_AA                                                                 | CXX-11133 3+5                                             | resolve
pdb_3_6                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never pdb%7C1vu9_aa                                                                 | CXX-11133 3+6                                             | resolve
pdb_4_1                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1VU9_a                                                                        | CXX-11133 4+1                                             | resolve
pdb_4_2                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1vu9_a                                                                        | CXX-11133 4+2                                             | resolve
pdb_4_3                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1VU9_A                                                                        | CXX-11133 4+3                                             | resolve
pdb_4_4                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1vu9_A                                                                        | CXX-11133 4+4                                             | resolve
pdb_4_5                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1VU9_AA                                                                       | CXX-11133 4+5                                             | resolve
pdb_4_6                                 | resolve -acc-substitution never 1vu9_aa                                                                       | CXX-11133 4+6                                             | resolve
